Monkey D. Luffy, also known as 'Straw Hat Luffy' and commonly as 'Straw Hat', is the main protagonist of the manga and anime, One Piece. He is the son of the Revolutionary leader Monkey D. Dragon, the grandson of the Marine hero Monkey D. Garp, the sworn brother of late 'Fire Fist' Portgas D. Ace and Revolutionary chief of staff Sabo, and the foster son of Curly Dadan. 

Luffy is a pirate and his lifelong dream is to become the Pirate King by finding the legendary treasure left behind by the late Pirate King, Gol D. Roger. He believes that being Pirate King means having the most freedom in the world. He has eaten the Gomu Gomu no Mi, which gives the consumer's body the properties of rubber. As the founder and captain of the Straw Hat Pirates, he is the first member of the crew, as well as one of its top three fighters.

Roronoa Zoro, also known as 'Pirate Hunter' Zoro, is a pirate and a former bounty hunter. He was the first member to join the Straw Hat Pirates, and, to date, is considered the largest threat and most dangerous member in the crew after Luffy. His fame as a master swordsman and his great strength, along with the actions of his captain, sometimes led others to believe he was the true captain of the crew. 

He is one of the top three fighters in the crew alongside Luffy and Sanji, and his dream is to become the greatest swordsman in the world. Zoro is also regarded as one of twelve pirates who are referred to as the 'Worst Generation' (formerly known as the 'Eleven Supernovas'). 

Vinsmoke Sanji, most commonly known by his moniker 'Black Leg' Sanji, is a pirate and the cook of the Straw Hat Pirates, as well as the former sous chef of the Baratie. He is also the third son of the Vinsmoke Family, thus making him a prince of the Germa Kingdom, until he officially denounced them once again. He is officially the fifth member of the crew and the fourth to join, doing so at the end of the Baratie Arc. 

Since he was born in North Blue, he is the first Straw Hat not to originate from East Blue. He is one of the Monster Trio in the crew, alongside Luffy and Zoro. His dream is to find the rumoured chef's paradise, All Blue, which is where East Blue, West Blue, North Blue, and South Blue meet, along with their wildlife.
